PT-164102948 Remove legacy WS API (#328)
aeternity/protocol: node/api/channels_api_usage.md

### Websocket protocol

The channel websocket api currently supports one protocol: [`json-rpc`](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification). `legacy` protocol was removed. Choosen protocol has to be specified with the `protocol` option.

In the examples below, the `json-rpc` protocol is used.

> Detailed message transcripts from test suites can also be found [here](./examples/aehttp_integration_SUITE/json-rpc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed message transcripts from test suites can also be found [here](./examples/channels/json-rpc/).
```
?
